hey what everyone says be
writing the booklet to show a
method where you can download videos and
music from youtube since enough
people have been asking me for
the facebook page by a method
safe and easy the application that we are going to
occupy is called snap tuc and it does not
find in the place thor vais to have
that download it directly from the forum
of X's age is where I 've
got it installed it is like any
another regular application once
installed let's go inside it
and as you can see we have the more or less the
same interface that youtube have
categories the top popular videos and a
youtube search engine where you are going to be able
look for a specific video either by
a name for example let's apply
to the lupita and let's write a name
specifically I do not know videos videos by
example in for key let's write
because we are going to select the second
option and as you see here we see all
the list of videos
related to this name we are going to
select for example this option of
this transformers trailer and how do you see
at the bottom we have this option
to be able to download and we have the option
of audio that we are going to see it a little bit
later we have these three options
that we can download the videos to 360 480 and
to 720 the bad thing is that we will not be able to
download the videos in 1080p or more than
are 1080 to all the videos you go
to be able to download 720 we are going to
select this option from 720 and as
they're already starting to come down on the
Notification bar
and since it's already finished downloading we're going
to play the video if it works
correctly
and to download the audio is already a bit
simpler let's select by
example this video we are going to go to the
part of downloads and we will select
the first option that is audio or mp3
we are going to select it and as you can see
is beginning to fall is
turning what is a bit more
fast that the video nothing else is the audio
as you see there we will hope that
finish to play and see
that works correctly as you see
finalized let's open
and this was the simplest method
I could find to download videos and
music from youtube
do not forget to subscribe to be one
of the first to see the next
video
thank you very much for watching probe smartphones
this is karim and have a great day